HAPPY BIRTHDAY, KRISTEN!!
I love you lots.

I am so thankful that He placed you in my life! I know I say this every year, but I really mean it. Thankful for a friendship that, by the grace of God and certainly not my own "being a good friend", has made it through some tough ups and downs over the years. Thankful for a closeness and trust that allows us to be genuine and vulnerable about our deepest fears and struggles. Thankful for the joy of just doing life together.

Kristen, thank you for being there for me; for supporting me in everything from the little things like stress over school, to the big things, like in the years I've spent looking (or not looking) for Jesus. Thank you for your love and encouragement. Thank you for caring enough about me to never leaving me where I am, but rather, calling me out in love when it's needed. Thank you for praying for me and being a reflection of His love for me.

And thank you for inspiring me! I've watched you choose to keep your faith in Him, even when things don't seem to go your way. I've watched you burst with praise and thankfulness when they do. I see how you really try to make disciples, from inviting and welcoming new people to Blue Sky and small group (our small group, myself included, feels you have the gift of evangelism!), to being intentional about your time with the brothers and sisters (mostly sisters, haha) in our small group. I see the joy in you when you sing praises to Him (and you do so beautifully, btw :)) and I'm proud of how you contribute the lovely piano-playing ability He has given you to the church. You're always saying you make so many mistakes, but it still sounds wonderful to me (so imagine how wonderful He finds it!).

Kristen, you are more than enough. It's true, you have some issues and maybe you're not where you want to be. But yet, He has made you just right. Every one of your shortcomings is there so that you will be drawn closer to Him and so that you might bring Him glory. Don't ever feel inadequate; you are a beloved daughter of HOLY THE CREATOR OF THE UNIVERSE and He carries your load. He knows everything about you, the good and the bad (the whole "knows every hair on your head" things gets crazier every time I find another hair on the floor of my apartment...they're everywhere!!), and He is so excited to show you more of Himself, that you might know Him just a little bit better, too. I pray that this year you would truly be closer to Him than ever before. He loves you the way you are, and I do, too :)

And now a brief walk down memory lane...(we don't seem to have too many pictures....I guess because I don't like being in pictures. Maybe I should save some snaps...hehe)

I am glad to have had you in my life for another year, and I really look forward to what (and where) this next one brings us! 